little polar bear and the husky pup
written and illustrated by hans de Beer
Lars the little polar bear lived at the
North Pole where there are no trees or
flowers just ice and snow Lars didn't
mind he loved to go for long walks
across the ice always wondering what he
might find behind the next snow hill one
day Lars walked even farther than usual
and he was very hungry he lifted his
nose and sniffed there was a delicious
smell in the air but he didn't know what
it was the delicious smell came from an
igloo that meant there were people
Laura's father had warned him to stay
away from people they're dangerous he
always said but the smell from the igloo
was so tempting that Lars couldn't
resist he crawled closer keeping well
away from the team of sled dogs who
seemed to be fast asleep suddenly there
was a growl the Huskies jumped up and
strained at their leashes the leashes
snapped and the whole team rushed at
Lars barking furiously Lars was lucky he
had a head start when the dog saw that
they could never catch up with him they
lost interest and turned back at last
Lars could stop and catch his breath he
crawled into an ice cave and went to
sleep he was woken by a strange noise it
sounded like a whimper but Lars couldn't
see where it came from he walked over to
a deep crack on the ice in Pierre down
there said it sad little husky although
the other dogs had given him a fright he
felt sorry for this little one don't be
frightened said Lars I'll help you
laura's started to push snow into the
hole he worked and worked until the pile
of snow was big enough to let the little
dog climb all the way out but as soon as
the puppy was back on firm ground he
began to growl hey I just helped you
said large indigenously the puppy barked
how
ungrateful thought Lars he turned away
in disgust and bounded off towards the
sea the little dog ran after him Lars
ran across the chunks of ice until he
had left the puppy far behind the pop
sat down and drifted on a piece of ice
and howald pitifully I would gladly help
wash added to the puppy but I don't want
to be growled at the little dog looked
embarrassed I won't growl he said I
promise please don't leave me so Lars
told the puppy back to shore what's your
name he asked mine's Lars I'm Flo will
you take me back to the igloo I want my
mother and I am hungry I'll take you
home tomorrow if it stops snowing said
Lars we can wait out the storm here then
Lars caught some fish and offered one to
flow who gobbled it up that wasn't as
good as meat Flo complained you'll have
meet again soon said Lars he shoveled
snow into a pile and they lay down to
sleep behind it sheltered from the icy
win the next morning Larsen flow set off
under a clear blue sky to find the igloo
but when they got there the dogs had
gone and snow had covered their tracks I
want my mother wailed flow then he began
to howl louder than ever this time Lars
understood why he tried to comfort the
little dog we'll find her he said tell
me which way you were heading to the
town by the sea were lots of people live
oh yes i know it said Lars let's go the
little polar bear and the puppy walked
on and on they didn't stop even when
darkness fell so they didn't see the
hunters until it was almost too late
they had to duck down quickly behind
some rocks the hunters came closer and
closer suddenly flow began to growl Shh
hissss Lars you'll give us away but the
impetus puppy jumped up and start
barking huh it's just a stray dog said
one of the hunters laughing then he and
his friends got back to ensure their
snowmobiles and drove away whoo you did
the right thing after all said Lars but
I don't think we should go any further
tonight we'll find your mother tomorrow
flow in the morning they walked to the
sea a pair of steals was basking on the
shore flow charged at them barking
excitedly stopped-flow leave them alone
shouted Lars as the seals fled into the
water suddenly flow stopped barking Lars
look at this he yapped he had found an
old kayak kayaks belong to people said
Lars looking anxious and people are
dangerous he sniffed the kayak all over
then he said it's all right nobody has
used this kayak for a long time what a
good find now we can travel twice as
fast paddling a kayak isn't as easy as
it looks said Lars as they wobbled
across the water nevermind said flow I
think we're nearly there tonight we'll
have meat for supper hooray listen said
Lars sternly you're not to run off after
me you must stay close to me in the
Twilight as a kayak slipped silently
towards the town they both began to feel
nervous don't make a sound flow
whispered Lars and for once flow kept
his mouth shut tight but the moment they
stepped ashore flow cried I smell food
and before Lars could stop him he was
gone what was Lars to do as he stood
wondering he heard a shout stop thief
and flow ran past him with a funny chain
hanging from his mouth Lars ran after
him when they were all safe at a
distance from the town flow stopped and
laid the funny chain at Lars feet that
smells good said Lars just wait till you
taste it said flow it's not like fish at
all but the more flow ate the
sattar he seemed to be will I ever find
my mother he said mournfully then he
lifted his little head and gave a
desperate howl there he goes again
thought Lars what could he do to keep
this reckless creature quiet then Lars
heard loud excited barks there was no
time to run away suddenly he was
surrounded by dogs but they didn't hurt
him one of them was flows mother she had
heard her puppy howling and rushed to
find him Flo told his mother how Lars
had found him and brought him to the
town Thank You Lars she said now you
must take us to your home the two
friends hopped into the dog sled and
were whisked away this is more fun than
kayaking said Lars happily Lara's
parents were amazed to see Lars jump off
a dog sled and even more amazed by the
funny chain that flow laid at their feet
here's something that tastes much better
than fish he told them then he turned to
Lars and said I want you to have my
collar it will help you remember me the
dog team barked a farewell and sped away
as flows sled disappeared over the
horizon Lars put down the collar raised
his head and howald how strange it
sounded and how sad thought his parents
after that Lars was often seen with a
smile on his face and a bright red
collar around his neck